# CreateAccountPaymentMethod

Container for information on payment methods to associate with this account. To associate a credit card payment method when creating an account, Zuora recommends that you use this field instead of the `creditCard` field.   Note that you can not use this field together with `creditCard` or `hpmCreditCardPaymentMethodId` to associate a payment method to an account.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**account_key** | **str** | Internal ID of the customer account that will own the payment method.  | [optional] 
**auth_gateway** | **str** | Internal ID of the payment gateway that Zuora will use to authorize the payments that are made with the payment method.   If you do not set this field, Zuora will use one of the following payment gateways instead:   * The default payment gateway of the customer account that owns the payment method, if the &#x60;accountKey&#x60; field is set.  * The default payment gateway of your Zuora tenant, if the &#x60;accountKey&#x60; field is not set. | [optional] 
**ip_address** | **str** | The IPv4 or IPv6 information of the user when the payment method is created or updated. Some gateways use this field for fraud prevention. If this field is passed to Zuora, Zuora directly passes it to gateways.    If the IP address length is beyond 45 characters, a validation error occurs.   For validating SEPA payment methods on Stripe v2, this field is required. | [optional] 
**make_default** | **bool** | Specifies whether the payment method will be the default payment method of the customer account that owns the payment method. Only applicable if the &#x60;accountKey&#x60; field is set. | [optional] [default to False]
**address_line1** | **str** | First address line, 255 characters or less.  | [optional] 
**address_line2** | **str** | Second address line, 255 characters or less.  | [optional] 
**bank_aba_code** | **str** | The nine-digit routing number or ABA number used by banks. This field is only required if the &#x60;type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;ACH&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**bank_account_name** | **str** | The name of the account holder, which can be either a person or a company. This field is only required if the &#x60;type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;ACH&#x60;.  For ACH payment methods on the BlueSnap integration, see [Overview of BlueSnap gateway integration](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Zuora_Billing/Billing_and_Payments/M_Payment_Gateways/Supported_Payment_Gateways/BlueSnap_Gateway/Overview_of_BlueSnap_gateway_integration#Payer_Name_Extraction) for more information about how Zuora splits the string in this field into two parts and passes them to BlueSnap&#39;s &#x60;firstName&#x60; and &#x60;lastName&#x60; fields.  | [optional] 
**bank_account_number** | **str** | The bank account number associated with the ACH payment. This field is only required if the &#x60;type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;ACH&#x60;. However, for creating tokenized ACH payment methods on Stripe v2, this field is optional if the &#x60;tokens&#x60; and &#x60;bankAccountMaskNumber&#x60; fields are specified.  | [optional] 
**bank_account_mask_number** | **str** | The masked bank account number associated with the ACH payment. This field is only required if the ACH payment method is created using tokens.  | [optional] 
**bank_account_type** | [**PaymentMethodACHBankAccountType**](PaymentMethodACHBankAccountType.md) |  | [optional] 
**bank_name** | **str** | The name of the bank where the ACH payment account is held. This field is only required if the &#x60;type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;ACH&#x60;.  When creating an ACH payment method on Adyen, this field is required by Zuora but it is not required by Adyen. To create the ACH payment method successfully, specify a real value for this field if you can. If it is not possible to get the real value for it, specify a dummy value.  | [optional] 
**city** | **str** | City, 40 characters or less. It is recommended to provide the city and country information when creating a payment method. The information will be used to process payments. If the information is not provided during payment method creation, the city and country data will be missing during payment processing.  | [optional] 
**country** | **str** | Country, must be a valid country name or abbreviation.  See [Country Names and Their ISO Standard 2- and 3-Digit Codes](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/D_Country%2C_State%2C_and_Province_Codes/A_Country_Names_and_Their_ISO_Codes) for the list of supported country names and abbreviations.  It is recommended to provide the city and country information when creating a payment method. The information will be used to process payments. If the information is not provided during payment method creation, the city and country data will be missing during payment processing.  | [optional] 
**phone** | **str** | Phone number, 40 characters or less.  | [optional] 
**state** | **str** | State, must be a valid state name or 2-character abbreviation.  See [United States Standard State Codes](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/D_Country%2C_State%2C_and_Province_Codes/B_State_Names_and_2-Digit_Codes) and [Canadian Standard Province Codes](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/BB_Introducing_Z_Business/D_Country%2C_State%2C_and_Province_Codes/C_Canadian_Province_Names_and_2-Digit_Codes) for the list of supported names and abbreviations.  | [optional] 
**zip_code** | **str** | Zip code, 20 characters or less.  | [optional] 
**iban** | **str** | The International Bank Account Number. This field is required if the &#x60;type&#x60; field is set to &#x60;SEPA&#x60;. | [optional] 
**account_holder_info** | [**CreatePaymentMethodBankTransferAccountHolderInfo**](CreatePaymentMethodBankTransferAccountHolderInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**account_number** | **str** | The number of the customer&#39;s bank account. This field is required for the following bank transfer payment methods:   - Direct Entry AU (&#x60;Becs&#x60;)   - Direct Debit NZ (&#x60;Becsnz&#x60;)   - Direct Debit UK (&#x60;Bacs&#x60;)   - Denmark Direct Debit (&#x60;Betalingsservice&#x60;)   - Sweden Direct Debit (&#x60;Autogiro&#x60;)   - Canadian Pre-Authorized Debit (&#x60;PAD&#x60;) | [optional] 
**account_mask_number** | **str** | The masked account number of the payment method. | [optional] 
**bank_code** | **str** | The sort code or number that identifies the bank. This is also known as the sort code. This field is required for the following bank transfer payment methods:   - Direct Debit UK (&#x60;Bacs&#x60;)   - Denmark Direct Debit (&#x60;Betalingsservice&#x60;)   - Direct Debit NZ (&#x60;Becsnz&#x60;)   - Canadian Pre-Authorized Debit (&#x60;PAD&#x60;) | [optional] 
**branch_code** | **str** | The branch code of the bank used for direct debit. This field is required for the following bank transfer payment methods:   - Sweden Direct Debit (&#x60;Autogiro&#x60;)   - Direct Entry AU (&#x60;Becs&#x60;)   - Direct Debit NZ (&#x60;Becsnz&#x60;)   - Canadian Pre-Authorized Debit (&#x60;PAD&#x60;) | [optional] 
**business_identification_code** | **str** | The BIC code used for SEPA.  | [optional] 
**currency_code** | **str** | The currency used for payment method authorization.   If this field is not specified, &#x60;currency&#x60; specified for the account is used for payment method authorization. If no currency is specified for the account, the default currency of the account is then used. | [optional] 
**identity_number** | **str** | The identity number of the customer. This field is required for the following bank transfer payment methods:   - Denmark Direct Debit (&#x60;Betalingsservice&#x60;)   - Sweden Direct Debit (&#x60;Autogiro&#x60;) | [optional] 
**card_holder_info** | [**CreatePaymentMethodCardholderInfo**](CreatePaymentMethodCardholderInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**card_number** | **str** | Credit card number. This field is required if &#x60;type&#x60; is set to &#x60;CreditCard&#x60;. However, for creating tokenized credit card payment methods, this field is optional if the &#x60;tokens&#x60; and &#x60;cardMaskNumber&#x60; fields are specified.  | [optional] 
**card_mask_number** | **str** | The masked card number associated with the credit card payment. This field is only required if the credit card payment method is created using tokens.  | [optional] 
**card_type** | **str** | The type of the credit card. This field is required if &#x60;type&#x60; is set to &#x60;CreditCard&#x60;.  Possible values include &#x60;Visa&#x60;, &#x60;MasterCard&#x60;, &#x60;AmericanExpress&#x60;, &#x60;Discover&#x60;, &#x60;JCB&#x60;, and &#x60;Diners&#x60;. For more information about credit card types supported by different payment gateways, see [Supported Payment Gateways](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/M_Payment_Gateways/Supported_Payment_Gateways).  | [optional] 
**check_duplicated** | **bool** | Indicates whether the duplication check is performed when you create a new credit card payment method. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;.  With this field set to &#x60;true&#x60;, Zuora will check all active payment methods associated with the same billing account to ensure that no duplicate credit card payment methods are created. An error is returned if a duplicate payment method is found.          The following fields are used for the duplication check:  - &#x60;cardHolderName&#x60;   - &#x60;expirationMonth&#x60;   - &#x60;expirationYear&#x60;   - &#x60;creditCardMaskNumber&#x60;. It is the masked credit card number generated by Zuora. For example:  &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;     ************1234     &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;  | [optional] 
**expiration_month** | **int** | One or two digit expiration month (1-12) of the credit card. This field is required if &#x60;type&#x60; is set to &#x60;CreditCard&#x60;. However, for creating tokenized credit card payment methods, this field is optional if the &#x60;tokens&#x60; and &#x60;cardMaskNumber&#x60; fields are specified.  | [optional] 
**expiration_year** | **int** | Four-digit expiration year of the credit card. This field is required if &#x60;type&#x60; is set to &#x60;CreditCard&#x60;. However, for creating tokenized credit card payment methods, this field is optional if the &#x60;tokens&#x60; and &#x60;cardMaskNumber&#x60; fields are specified.  | [optional] 
**mit_consent_agreement_ref** | **str** | Specifies your reference for the stored credential consent agreement that you have established with the customer. Only applicable if you set the &#x60;mitProfileAction&#x60; field.  | [optional] 
**mit_consent_agreement_src** | [**StoredCredentialProfileConsentAgreementSrc**](StoredCredentialProfileConsentAgreementSrc.md) |  | [optional] 
**mit_network_transaction_id** | **str** | Specifies the ID of a network transaction. Only applicable if you set the &#x60;mitProfileAction&#x60; field to &#x60;Persist&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**mit_profile_action** | [**StoredCredentialProfileAction**](StoredCredentialProfileAction.md) |  | [optional] 
**mit_profile_agreed_on** | **date** | The date on which the profile is agreed. The date format is &#x60;yyyy-mm-dd&#x60;.  | [optional] 
**mit_profile_type** | [**StoredCredentialProfileType**](StoredCredentialProfileType.md) |  | [optional] 
**security_code** | **str** | CVV or CVV2 security code of the credit card.  To ensure PCI compliance, this value is not stored and cannot be queried.  | [optional] 
**credit_card_mask_number** | **str** | The masked credit card number, such as:  &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;  *********1112  &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;   This field is specific for the CC Reference Transaction payment method. It is an optional field that you can use to distinguish different CC Reference Transaction payment methods.   Though there are no special restrictions on the input string, it is highly recommended to specify a card number that is masked. | [optional] 
**second_token_id** | **str** | A gateway unique identifier that replaces sensitive payment method data.  &#x60;secondTokenId&#x60; is conditionally required only when &#x60;tokenId&#x60; is being used to represent a gateway customer profile. &#x60;secondTokenId&#x60; is used in the CC Reference Transaction payment method.  | [optional] 
**token_id** | **str** | A gateway unique identifier that replaces sensitive payment method data or represents a gateway&#39;s unique customer profile. &#x60;tokenId&#x60; is required for the CC Reference Transaction payment method.   When &#x60;tokenId&#x60; is used to represent a customer profile, &#x60;secondTokenId&#x60; is conditionally required for representing the underlying tokenized payment method.   The values for the &#x60;tokenId&#x60; and &#x60;secondTokenId&#x60; fields differ for gateways. For more information, see the Knowledge Center article specific to each gateway that supports the CC Reference Transaction payment method.   **Note:** When creating an ACH payment method, if you need to pass in tokenized information, use the &#x60;mandateId&#x60; instead of &#x60;tokenId&#x60; field. | [optional] 
**baid** | **str** | ID of a PayPal billing agreement. For example, I-1TJ3GAGG82Y9.  | [optional] 
**email** | **str** | Email address associated with the payment method. This field is supported for the following payment methods:   - PayPal payment methods. This field is required for creating any of the following PayPal payment methods.     - PayPal Express Checkout     - PayPal Adaptive     - PayPal Complete Payments   - Apple Pay and Google Pay payment methods on Adyen v2.0. This field will be passed to Adyen as &#x60;shopperEmail&#x60;. | [optional] 
**preapproval_key** | **str** | The PayPal preapproval key.  | [optional] 
**apple_payment_data** | **str** | This field is specific for setting up Apple Pay for Adyen to include payload with Apple Pay token or Apple payment data. This information should be stringified. For more information, see [Set up Adyen Apple Pay](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/L_Payment_Methods/Payment_Method_Types/Apple_Pay_on_Web/Set_up_Adyen_Apple_Pay). | [optional] 
**google_payment_token** | **str** | This field is specific for setting up Google Pay for Adyen and Chase gateway integrations to specify the stringified Google Pay token. For more information, see [Set up Adyen Google Pay](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/L_Payment_Methods/Payment_Method_Types/Set_up_Adyen_Google_Pay) and [Set up Google Pay on Chase](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/L_Payment_Methods/Payment_Method_Types/Set_up_Google_Pay_on_Chase). | [optional] 
**type** | **str** | Type of payment method. Possible values include:   * &#x60;CreditCard&#x60; - Credit card payment method.  * &#x60;CreditCardReferenceTransaction&#x60; - Credit Card Reference Transaction. See [Supported payment methods](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/L_Payment_Methods/Supported_Payment_Methods) for payment gateways that support this type of payment method.  * &#x60;ACH&#x60; - ACH payment method.  * &#x60;SEPA&#x60; - Single Euro Payments Area.  * &#x60;Betalingsservice&#x60; - Direct Debit DK.  * &#x60;Autogiro&#x60; - Direct Debit SE.  * &#x60;Bacs&#x60; - Direct Debit UK.  * &#x60;Becs&#x60; - Direct Entry AU.  * &#x60;Becsnz&#x60; - Direct Debit NZ.  * &#x60;PAD&#x60; - Pre-Authorized Debit.  * &#x60;PayPalCP&#x60; - PayPal Complete Payments payment method. Use this type if you are using a [PayPal Complete Payments Gateway](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/M_Payment_Gateways/Supported_Payment_Gateways/PayPal_Commerce_Platform_Gateway) instance.  * &#x60;PayPalEC&#x60; - PayPal Express Checkout payment method. Use this type if you are using a [PayPal Payflow Pro Gateway](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/M_Payment_Gateways/Supported_Payment_Gateways/PayPal_Payflow_Pro%2C_Website_Payments_Payflow_Edition%2C_Website_Pro_Payment_Gateway) instance.  * &#x60;PayPalNativeEC&#x60; - PayPal Native Express Checkout payment method. Use this type if you are using a [PayPal Express Checkout Gateway](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/M_Payment_Gateways/Supported_Payment_Gateways/PayPal_Express_Checkout_Gateway) instance.  * &#x60;PayPalAdaptive&#x60; - PayPal Adaptive payment method. Use this type if you are using a [PayPal Adaptive Payment Gateway](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/CB_Billing/M_Payment_Gateways/Supported_Payment_Gateways/PayPal_Adaptive_Payments_Gateway) instance.  * &#x60;AdyenApplePay&#x60; - Apple Pay on Adyen Integration v2.0. See [Set up Adyen Apple Pay](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/L_Payment_Methods/Payment_Method_Types/Apple_Pay_on_Web/Set_up_Adyen_Apple_Pay) for details.  * &#x60;AdyenGooglePay&#x60; - Google Pay on Adyen Integration v2.0. See [Set up Adyen Google Pay](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/L_Payment_Methods/Payment_Method_Types/Set_up_Adyen_Google_Pay) for details.  * &#x60;GooglePay&#x60; - Google Pay on Chase Paymentech Orbital gateway integration. See [Set up Google Pay on Chase](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/L_Payment_Methods/Payment_Method_Types/Set_up_Google_Pay_on_Chase) for details.  * You can also specify a custom payment method type. See [Set up custom payment gateways and payment methods](https://knowledgecenter.zuora.com/Billing/Billing_and_Payments/MB_Set_up_custom_payment_gateways_and_payment_methods) for details. | 

## Example

```python
from zuora_sdk.models.create_account_payment_method import CreateAccountPaymentMethod

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of CreateAccountPaymentMethod from a JSON string
create_account_payment_method_instance = CreateAccountPaymentMethod.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(CreateAccountPaymentMethod.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
create_account_payment_method_dict = create_account_payment_method_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of CreateAccountPaymentMethod from a dict
create_account_payment_method_from_dict = CreateAccountPaymentMethod.from_dict(create_account_payment_method_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


