============================
Django MongoDB Backend 5.1.x
============================

5.1.0 beta 4
============

*August 13, 2025*

- Backward-incompatible: Removed support for database caching as the MongoDB security
  team considers the cache backend's ``pickle`` encoding of cached values a
  vulnerability. If an attacker compromises the database, they could run arbitrary
  commands on the application server.
- Fixed crash when loading models with a null value for ``ArrayField``\s where
  the ``base_field`` uses a database converter.
- Fixed ``RecursionError`` when using ``Trunc`` database functions on non-MongoDB
  databases.
- Improved ``QuerySet`` performance by removing low limit on server-side chunking.

5.1.0 beta 3
============

*May 14, 2025*

- Added support for a field's custom lookups and transforms in
  ``EmbeddedModelField``, e.g. ``ArrayField``’s ``contains``,
  ``contained__by``, ``len``, etc.
- Fixed the results of queries that use the ``tzinfo`` parameter of the
  ``Trunc`` database functions.
- Added support for ``QuerySet.dates()`` and ``datetimes()``.
- Fixed loading of ``QuerySet`` results for embedded models that have fields
  that use database converters. For example, a crash for ``DecimalField``:
  ``ValidationError: ['“1” value must be a decimal number.']``).

.. _django-mongodb-backend-5.1.0-beta-2:

5.1.0 beta 2
============

*April 21, 2025*

- Backward-incompatible: :class:`~django_mongodb_backend.fields.ArrayField`\'s
  :attr:`~.ArrayField.size` parameter is renamed to
  :attr:`~.ArrayField.max_size`. The :attr:`~.ArrayField.size` parameter is now
  used to enforce fixed-length arrays.
- Added support for database caching (later removed in beta 4).
- Fixed ``QuerySet.raw_aggregate()`` field initialization when the document key
  order doesn't match the order of the model's fields.

5.1.0 beta 1
============

*February 26, 2025*

- Backward-incompatible:
  :class:`~django_mongodb_backend.fields.ObjectIdAutoField` no longer accepts
  integer values. The undocumented behavior eased testing with Django's test
  suite which hardcodes many integer primary key values.
- Fixed the inability to save nested embedded model forms.
- Fixed :ref:`persistent database connections
  <django:persistent-database-connections>`.
- Added :doc:`async <django:topics/async>` support.
- Added the ``db_name`` parameter to
  ``django_mongodb_backend.utils.parse_uri()``.
- Added ``django_mongodb_backend.routers.MongoRouter`` to allow
  :djadmin:`dumpdata` to ignore embedded models. See
  :ref:`configuring-database-routers-setting`.

5.1.0 beta 0
============

*January 30, 2025*

Initial Public Preview release.
