============================
Django MongoDB Backend 5.2.x
============================

5.2.4
=====

*Unreleased*

New features
------------

- ...

Bug fixes
---------

- ...

Performance improvements
------------------------

- Improved ``QuerySet`` join (``$lookup``) performance by pushing complex
  conditions from the ``WHERE`` (``$match``) clause to the ``$lookup`` stage.

.. _django-mongodb-backend-5.2.3:

5.2.3
=====

*November 19, 2025*

Bug fixes
---------

- Prevented ``QuerySet.union()`` queries from duplicating the ``$project``
  pipeline.
- Made :class:`~django.db.models.Value` wrap strings in ``$literal`` to
  prevent dollar-prefixed strings from being interpreted as expressions.
  Also wrapped dictionaries and tuples to prevent the same for them.
- Made model update queries wrap values in ``$literal`` to prevent values from
  being interpreted as expressions.

Performance improvements
------------------------

- Simplified ``$lookup`` queries using ``localField`` and ``foreignField``.

5.2.2
=====

*October 22, 2025*

This release confirms support for Python 3.14. No code changes were required.

New features
------------

- :class:`.SearchIndex`\'s new ``field_mappings``, ``analyzer``, and
  ``search_analyzer`` arguments allow creating more complex indexes.

Bug fixes
---------

- Fixed a ``KeyError`` crash when loading models with ``EmbeddedModel`` fields
  that use a database converter, if the field isn't present in the data (e.g.
  data not written by Django, or after a field was added to an existing
  ``EmbeddedModel``).
- Made ``EmbeddedModel`` fields respect
  :attr:`~django.db.models.Field.db_column`.
- Corrected the search index type of ``EmbeddedModelField`` and
  ``PolymorphicEmbeddedModelField`` from ``embeddedDocuments`` to ``document``.
- Fixed ``transaction.atomic()`` crash if the database connection isn't
  initialized.

Performance improvements
------------------------

- Continued the query optimization work started in 5.2.1, making queries avoid
  using  ``$expr`` where possible, so that they can use indexes.

Deprecated features
-------------------

- ``django_mongodb_backend.utils.parse_uri()`` is deprecated in favor of
  putting the connection string in ``DATABASES["HOST"]``. See
  :ref:`the deprecation timeline <parse-uri-deprecation>` for upgrade
  instructions.

5.2.1
=====

*September 8, 2025*

New features
------------

- Allowed :ref:`specifying the MongoDB connection string
  <configuring-databases-setting>` in ``DATABASES["HOST"]``, eliminating the
  need to use ``django_mongodb_backend.utils.parse_uri()`` to configure the
  :setting:`DATABASES` setting.

Bug fixes
---------

- Migrations operations that add or delete search indexes now wait until the
  operation is completed on the server to prevent conflicts when running
  multiple operations sequentially.

Performance improvements
------------------------

- Made simple queries that use ``$eq``, ``$in``, ``$and``, ``$or``, ``$gt``,
  ``$gte``, ``$lt``, and/or ``$lte`` use ``$match`` instead of ``$expr`` so
  that they can use indexes.

5.2.0
=====

*September 2, 2025*

General availability release. No changes since beta 3.

5.2.0 beta 3
============

*August 29, 2025*

Backwards incompatible changes
------------------------------

- Pattern matching lookups (``iexact``, ``startswith``, ``istartswith``,
  ``endswith``, ``iendswith``, ``contains``, ``icontains``, ``regex``,
  and ``iregex``) no longer support non-string fields. These lookups previously
  cast their input using ``$toString`` but this caused some queries to perform
  poorly because MongoDB couldn't use indexes when running the query.

5.2.0 beta 2
============

*August 13, 2025*

New features
------------

- Added support for :doc:`Atlas Search queries </ref/models/search>`.
- Added subquery support for :class:`~.fields.EmbeddedModelArrayField`.
- Added the ``options`` parameter to
  ``django_mongodb_backend.utils.parse_uri()``.
- Added support for :ref:`database transactions <transactions>`.
- Added :class:`~.fields.PolymorphicEmbeddedModelField` and
  :class:`~.fields.PolymorphicEmbeddedModelArrayField` for storing a model
  instance or list of model instances that may be of more than one model class.
- Added :doc:`GeoDjango support </ref/contrib/gis>`.

Backwards incompatible changes
------------------------------

- :class:`django.db.models.SmallIntegerField` and
  :class:`django.db.models.PositiveSmallIntegerField` are now limited to 32 bit
  values in forms and model validation.
- Removed support for database caching as the MongoDB security team considers the cache
  backend's ``pickle`` encoding of cached values a vulnerability. If an attacker
  compromises the database, they could run arbitrary commands on the application
  server.

Bug fixes
---------

- Fixed ``RecursionError`` when using ``Trunc`` database functions on non-MongoDB
  databases.
- :meth:`QuerySet.explain() <django.db.models.query.QuerySet.explain>` now
  :ref:`returns a string that can be parsed as JSON <queryset-explain>`.
- Fixed unique constraint generation for :class:`~django.db.models.IntegerField`
  and :class:`~django.db.models.PositiveBigIntegerField`, which incorrectly
  allowed duplicate values larger than 32 bits. Existing unique constraints
  must be recreated to use ``$type: long`` instead of ``int``.
- :class:`~django.db.models.IntegerField`,
  :class:`~django.db.models.BigIntegerField` (as well as the
  ``Positive`` versions of these fields), and
  :class:`~django.db.models.DurationField` values are now sent to MongoDB as
  :class:`bson.int64.Int64`, which fixes unique constraints on values less than
  32 bits for ``BigIntegerField``, ``PositiveIntegerField``, and
  ``DurationField``. Existing data must be converted to ``Int64``.

Performance improvements
------------------------

- Improved ``QuerySet`` performance by removing low limit on server-side chunking.
- Improved ``QuerySet`` join (``$lookup``) performance by pushing some simple
  conditions from the ``WHERE`` (``$match``) clause to the ``$lookup`` stage.

5.2.0 beta 1
============

*June 4, 2025*

New features
------------

- Added :class:`~.fields.EmbeddedModelArrayField` for storing a list of model
  instances.

Bug fixes
---------

- Fixed crash when loading models with a null value for ``ArrayField``\s where
  the ``base_field`` uses a database converter.

5.2.0 beta 0
============

*May 14, 2025*

Initial release from the state of :ref:`django-mongodb-backend 5.1.0 beta 2
<django-mongodb-backend-5.1.0-beta-2>`.

Regarding new features in Django 5.2,
:class:`~django.db.models.CompositePrimaryKey` isn't supported.

New features
------------

*These features won't appear in Django MongoDB Backend 5.1.x.*

- Added :class:`.SearchIndex` and :class:`.VectorSearchIndex` for use on
  a model's :attr:`Meta.indexes <django.db.models.Options.indexes>`.
- PyMongo's connection pooling is now used by default. See
  :ref:`connection-management`.

Backwards incompatible changes
------------------------------

- The minimum supported version of ``pymongo`` is increased from 4.6 to 4.7.
- The ``conn_max_age`` parameter of
  ``django_mongodb_backend.utils.parse_uri()`` is removed because persistent
  connections are now used by default.

Bug fixes
---------

- Added support for a field's custom lookups and transforms in
  ``EmbeddedModelField``, e.g. ``ArrayField``’s ``contains``,
  ``contained__by``, ``len``, etc.
- Fixed the results of queries that use the ``tzinfo`` parameter of the
  ``Trunc`` database functions.
- Added support for ``QuerySet.dates()`` and ``datetimes()``.
- Fixed loading of ``QuerySet`` results for embedded models that have fields
  that use database converters. For example, a crash for ``DecimalField``:
  ``ValidationError: ['“1” value must be a decimal number.']``).
